1. Patient

    P-ID: Unique identifier for each Patient
    Name: Name of the Patient.
    DOB: Date of birth of Patient.
    Gender: Gender of Patient.
    Mob-No:  Contact number of the Patient.
    Age: Age of Patient.

    Patient Management: The platform should also allow for the patients registration and the management of their information with details such as demographics, medical history, and current condition in mind.

2. Employee

    E-ID: Unique identifier for each Employee.
    Name: Name of the Employee.
    Salary: Salary of Employee
    Sex: Gender of Employee.
    Mob-No: Contact number of the Employee.
    Address: Address of Employee.
    State: State of Employee
    City: city of Employee
    Pin-no: Pin no of Employee

3. Doctor

    E-ID (Foreign Key referencing Employee):
    Department: Department of doctor.
    Qualification: Qualification of Doctor

    Doctor Management: The system should have the functionality of a doctor directory in which details such as doctor's specialties, contacts, and availability can be set.


4. Room

    R-ID: It is an room id every room has different room number or ID.
    Type: It define the quality of room such as deluxe, private general etc.
    Capacity: It defines the number of people can stay in room.

    Availability: It define the duration or Availability of room.    Room Management: The system should be able to assist the department in assigning and inspecting rooms in the hospital, 	particularly those that are available or not currently occupied.

5. Nurse

    E-ID: E-ID is a foreign key linking a table to the Employee table through the Employee ID.

    Nurse Management: The software should contain necessary functions like the management of nurse data like information about their departments, shifts, and contact details.
    system

6. Test Report

    R-ID (Primary Key): Unique identifier for each Room.
    P-ID (Foreign Key referencing Patient): P-ID is a foreign key in a table that references the Patient table, typically used to establish a relationship between the two tables based on 	the Patient ID.
    Test Type: It define the what kind of test.
    Result: It shows the test result.

    Test Report Management: The system provides a mechanism for the generation, storage, and retrieval of test reports on patients, which gives detailed information on the tests, results, and dates.

7. Records

    Record-no: Every record book has some number for each Patient.
    App-no: Every app book has some number for each Patient.

    Record Management: The system should keep track of hospital activities in their records. Each record should have a unique identification number for identification.

8. Bill

    B-ID: Unique identifier for each Bill.
    P-ID (Foreign Key referencing Patient): P-ID is a foreign key in a table that references the Patient table, typically used to establish a relationship between the two tables based on the Patient ID.
    Amount: The Amount which Patient has to pay to the Hospital.

    Billing: The system will be handling billing details of services rendered to patients and this will cover all functions such as bill generation, tracking payments and management of insurance details.

9. Receptionist

    E-ID (Foreign Key referencing Employee): E-ID is a foreign key in a table that references the Employee table, typically used to establish a relationship between the two tables based on the Employee ID.

    Receptionist Management: The system will have functions that will be able to handle a receptionist role in the hospital. Receptionists should be able to retrieve relevant patient data and do booking of appointments schedules.